Docker Network:
										
Docker network is basicaly a connection between one or more containers. one or more powerful thing about the docker container is, 
that they can be easily connected to one other or even other software. this makes it very easy to isolate and manage the containers.



Type of network:

  1. Bridge
  2. Host	 
  3. Overlay
  4. Macvlan
  5. None


1. Bridge:
      The containers can communicate with each other using Bridge network, it crates a isolation layer between the docker container.

    # docker network create --driver Bridge mynet     --> Bridge is a network type & mynet is the name of network.
    # docker network ls
    # docker network inspect network_ID
    # docker run -it -d --network bridge --name mycontainer ubuntu


2. Host:
    Docker containers that are connected directly to the Host network basically share the namespace with their host. I.e Containers share the IP address of Host. 
    don't have one of their own.

    # docker run -it -d --network host --name mycontainer nginx:latest


3. Overlay:
      if the containers present in different Docker host can communicate with each other using overlay network. using a docker swarm.

    To become a manager node.
      # sudo docker swarm init
      # sudo docker swarm init --advertisement-network 192.168.0.1 
      # docker swarm init --advertise-addr 172.25.0.44
      # docker swarm join-token manager
    After running this command you will have an url, basically this url is used to join the running swarm as a worker node.

        # docker network create --driver overlay mynet
        # docker network ls
        # docker service create --name my-service --network mynet --replicas 3 nginx:latest
        # docker service rm my-service
        # docker service ps my-service

4. None:
        A docker which has none network configured for itself cannot communicate with any service or system as networking for the containers is virtually disabled.
        It's usually used to isolate certain containers.

        # docker run -it -d --network none --name mycontainer ubuntu
